hello welcome to 19 minecraft video
series i guess today i'm going to show
you how to make an infinite water source
now the only thing you need make an
instant water source is a two buckets of
water and a two by two grid to place
your watering so i'm just going to go
ahead and look for some water with some
more over here the reason i set up an
infinite water source here is to be able
to make new farm and grounds if I
unexpanded it's no real reason to
however since you already have one set
up here and see just go study again and
I see to take as much long as you like
it's an example again here I made
earlier ok it's going with this up here
all I need to do some water and one one
corner of the square and another one
then I love the corner and just wait for
two becomes stable one that's about it
as much water's you want another place I
put a knife in a water source that I
think is a not a bad idea is close to
where you go mining so that you'll
always be able to extinguish the fire if
you're ever a cotton lava
happens pretty often for me anyway I'm a
good reason to have buckets waters if
you want to in line sitting because
usually there's a la ville right under
it so not a bad idea either ok that's it
for this video check back later for more
thank you